### Profile specific implementation guidance
- This abstract profile provides a shared base that is common across requests for specific domains. It is not intended for direct implementation. Where a profile is defined for a specific domain that profile **SHALL** be used:
  - pathology requests **SHALL** use [AU eRequesting Pathology Request](StructureDefinition-au-erequesting-servicerequest-path.html) profile
  - imaging requests **SHALL** use [AU eRequesting Imaging Request](StructureDefinition-au-erequesting-servicerequest-imag.html) profile 
- The provision of an insurance attribute describes a recommendation to be considered by the Filler and does not guarantee that this recommendation will be satisfied.
- See the [AU eRequesting Workflow State Guidance](workflow.html) page for guidance on managing workflow states in AU eRequesting, where the [AU eRequesting Task Diagnostic Request](StructureDefinition-au-erequesting-task-diagnosticrequest.html) tracks the fulfilment of the [AU eRequesting Diagnostic Request](StructureDefinition-au-erequesting-diagnosticrequest.html). It covers the use of supporting elements such as `ServiceRequest.extension:statusReason` to provide additional workflow context, and the relationship between Task and ServiceRequest statuses. This guidance is intended to promote interoperability within AU eRequesting.
- `ServiceRequest.supportingInfo` is used to represent the following additional clinical information accompanying the request:
  - The patient's pregnancy status is represented by the `ServiceRequest.supportingInfo:pregnancyStatus` with a reference to an Observation Pregnancy - Status (IPS).
    -  Only the pregnancy status concept of "pregnant" is currently permitted, respresented by SNOMED CT code 77386006 (Pregnant).
  - Clinical context provides a narrative overview of the patient's current clinical situation and is represented using `ServiceRequest.supportingInfo:clinicalContext` with a reference to an AU eRequesting Clinical Context DocumentReference.
    - The AU eRequesting Clinical Context DocumentReference **SHALL** be implemented as a plain text string (`text/plain`) embedded inline using `DocumentReference.content.attachment.data` (base64-encoded).
    - Although `ServiceRequest.note` can be used for clinical notes, it is limited to notes bound to a single ServiceRequest. In contrast, `ServiceRequest.supportingInfo:clinicalContext` allows the same clinical context to be referenced across multiple related ServiceRequests. 
      - To support clear presentation by fillers and avoid duplication, clinical notes common across multiple ServiceRequests in a group **SHOULD** be captured using a single referenced AU eRequesting Clinical Context DocumentReference, rather than repeated in `ServiceRequest.note`. 
      - There **SHALL** not be overlap between the content of `ServiceRequest.supportingInfo` and `ServiceRequest.note`.
- Resources referenced by `ServiceRequest.supportingInfo` can be referenced by all ServiceRequests in a group, when the information applies to the entire order, or by individual ServiceRequests, when the information is specific to particular requests.